[release-1.9] Add a blog for discovery selectors (#9667)
istio/istio.io: content/en/blog/2021/discovery-selectors/index.md

## Background

By default, Istio watches all Namespaces, Services, Endpoints and Pods in a cluster. For example, in my Kubernetes cluster, I deployed the `sleep` service in the default namespace, and the `httpbin` service in the `ns-x` namespace. I’ve added the `sleep` service to the mesh, but I have no plan to add the `httpbin` service to the mesh, or have any service in the mesh interact with the `httpbin` service.

Use `istioctl proxy-config endpoint` command to display all the endpoints for the `sleep` deployment:

{{< image link="./endpoints-default.png" caption="Endpoints for Sleep Deployment" >}}

Note that the `httpbin` service endpoint in the `ns-x` namespace is in the list of discovered endpoints. This may not be an issue when you only have a few services. However, when you have hundreds of services that don't interact with any of the services running in the Istio service mesh, you probably don't want your Istio control plane to watch these services and send their information to the sidecars of your services in the mesh.

## Introducing Discovery Selectors

> In Istio 1.10, we introduced the new `discoverySelectors` option to [MeshConfig](/docs/reference/config/istio.mesh.v1alpha1/#MeshConfig), which is an array of Kubernetes [selectors](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/#resources-that-support-set-based-requirements). The exact type is `[]LabelSelector`, as defined [here](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/#resources-that-support-set-based-requirements), allowing both simple selectors and set-based selectors. These selectors apply to labels on namespaces.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting with Istio 1.10, we are introducing the new `discoverySelectors` option to [MeshConfig](/docs/reference/config/istio.mesh.v1alpha1/#MeshConfig), which is an array of Kubernetes [selectors](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/#resources-that-support-set-based-requirements). The exact type is `[]LabelSelector`, as defined [here](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/#resources-that-support-set-based-requirements), allowing both simple selectors and set-based selectors. These selectors apply to labels on namespaces.
```

Reviewer: manual cherry pick https://github.com/istio/istio.io/pull/9660/files
